and the Lord spoke to Moses take
and the Lord spoke to Moses take vengeance on the Midianites for the
vengeance on the Midianites for the
vengeance on the Midianites for the children of Israel afterward you shall
children of Israel afterward you shall
children of Israel afterward you shall be gathered to your people
be gathered to your people
be gathered to your people so Moses spoke to the people armed some
so Moses spoke to the people armed some
so Moses spoke to the people armed some of yourselves for war and let them go
of yourselves for war and let them go
of yourselves for war and let them go against the Midianites to take vengeance
against the Midianites to take vengeance
against the Midianites to take vengeance for the Lord on the Midian a thousand
for the Lord on the Midian a thousand
for the Lord on the Midian a thousand from each tribe of all the tribes of
from each tribe of all the tribes of
from each tribe of all the tribes of Israel you shall send to the war so
Israel you shall send to the war so
Israel you shall send to the war so there were recruited from the divisions
there were recruited from the divisions
there were recruited from the divisions of Israel 1,000 from each tribe 12,000
of Israel 1,000 from each tribe 12,000
of Israel 1,000 from each tribe 12,000 armed for war then Moses sent them to
armed for war then Moses sent them to
armed for war then Moses sent them to the war 1,000 from each tribe he sent
the war 1,000 from each tribe he sent
the war 1,000 from each tribe he sent them to the war with Phineas the son of
them to the war with Phineas the son of
them to the war with Phineas the son of Eleazar the priest with the holy
Eleazar the priest with the holy
Eleazar the priest with the holy articles and the signal trumpets in his
articles and the signal trumpets in his
articles and the signal trumpets in his hand and they Ward against the
hand and they Ward against the
hand and they Ward against the Midianites just as the LORD commanded
Midianites just as the LORD commanded
Midianites just as the LORD commanded Moses and they killed all the man's they
Moses and they killed all the man's they
Moses and they killed all the man's they killed all the kings of Midian with the
killed all the kings of Midian with the
killed all the kings of Midian with the rest of those who were killed Eve I
rest of those who were killed Eve I
rest of those who were killed Eve I Rican serve her and Reba the five kings
Rican serve her and Reba the five kings
Rican serve her and Reba the five kings of Midland Balaam the son of Beor they
of Midland Balaam the son of Beor they
of Midland Balaam the son of Beor they also killed with the sword and the
also killed with the sword and the
also killed with the sword and the children of Israel took the women of
children of Israel took the women of
children of Israel took the women of Midian captive with their little ones
Midian captive with their little ones
Midian captive with their little ones and took a spoil all their cattle all
and took a spoil all their cattle all
and took a spoil all their cattle all their flocks and all their goods and
their flocks and all their goods and
their flocks and all their goods and they also burned with fire all the
they also burned with fire all the
they also burned with fire all the cities where they dwelt and all their
cities where they dwelt and all their
cities where they dwelt and all their forts and they took all the spoil and
forts and they took all the spoil and
forts and they took all the spoil and all the booty of man and beast then they
all the booty of man and beast then they
all the booty of man and beast then they brought the captives the booty and the
brought the captives the booty and the
brought the captives the booty and the spoil to Moses Eleazar the priest and to
spoil to Moses Eleazar the priest and to
spoil to Moses Eleazar the priest and to the congregation of the children of
the congregation of the children of
the congregation of the children of Israel to the camp in the plains of Moab
Israel to the camp in the plains of Moab
Israel to the camp in the plains of Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho and
by the Jordan across from Jericho and
by the Jordan across from Jericho and Moses Eleazar the priest and all the
Moses Eleazar the priest and all the
Moses Eleazar the priest and all the leaders of the congregation went to meet
leaders of the congregation went to meet
leaders of the congregation went to meet them outside the camp but Moses was
them outside the camp but Moses was
them outside the camp but Moses was angry with the officers of the army with
angry with the officers of the army with
angry with the officers of the army with the captains over thousands and
the captains over thousands and
the captains over thousands and captain's over hundreds who had come
captain's over hundreds who had come
captain's over hundreds who had come from the battle and Moses said to them
from the battle and Moses said to them
from the battle and Moses said to them have you kept all the women alive
have you kept all the women alive
have you kept all the women alive look
look
look these women caused the children of
these women caused the children of
these women caused the children of Israel through the Council of balaam to
Israel through the Council of balaam to
Israel through the Council of balaam to trespass against the Lord in the
trespass against the Lord in the
trespass against the Lord in the incident of peor and there was a plague
incident of peor and there was a plague
incident of peor and there was a plague among the congregation of the Lord
among the congregation of the Lord
among the congregation of the Lord now therefore kill every male among the
now therefore kill every male among the
now therefore kill every male among the little ones and kill every woman who has
little ones and kill every woman who has
little ones and kill every woman who has known a man intimately but keep alive
known a man intimately but keep alive
known a man intimately but keep alive for yourselves all the young girls who
for yourselves all the young girls who
for yourselves all the young girls who have not known a man intimately and as
have not known a man intimately and as
have not known a man intimately and as for you remain outside the camp seven
for you remain outside the camp seven
for you remain outside the camp seven days whoever has killed any person and
days whoever has killed any person and
days whoever has killed any person and whoever has touched any slain purify
whoever has touched any slain purify
whoever has touched any slain purify yourselves and your captives on the
yourselves and your captives on the
yourselves and your captives on the third day and on the seventh day purify
third day and on the seventh day purify
third day and on the seventh day purify every garment everything made of leather
every garment everything made of leather
every garment everything made of leather everything woven of goat's air and
everything woven of goat's air and
everything woven of goat's air and everything made of wood then Eleazar the
everything made of wood then Eleazar the
everything made of wood then Eleazar the priest said to the men of war who had
priest said to the men of war who had
priest said to the men of war who had gone to the battle this is the ordinance
gone to the battle this is the ordinance
gone to the battle this is the ordinance of the law which the LORD commanded
of the law which the LORD commanded
of the law which the LORD commanded Moses only the gold the silver the
Moses only the gold the silver the
Moses only the gold the silver the bronze the iron the tin in the lead
bronze the iron the tin in the lead
bronze the iron the tin in the lead everything that can endure fire you
everything that can endure fire you
everything that can endure fire you shall put through the fire and it shall
shall put through the fire and it shall
shall put through the fire and it shall be clean and it shall be purified with
be clean and it shall be purified with
be clean and it shall be purified with the water of purification but all that
the water of purification but all that
the water of purification but all that cannot endure fire you shall put through
cannot endure fire you shall put through
cannot endure fire you shall put through water and you shall wash your clothes on
water and you shall wash your clothes on
water and you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day and be clean and
the seventh day and be clean and
the seventh day and be clean and afterward you may come into the camp now
afterward you may come into the camp now
afterward you may come into the camp now the Lord spoke to Moses count up the
the Lord spoke to Moses count up the
the Lord spoke to Moses count up the plunder that was taken of man and beast
plunder that was taken of man and beast
plunder that was taken of man and beast you and Eleazar the priest and the chief
you and Eleazar the priest and the chief
you and Eleazar the priest and the chief fathers of the Congo
fathers of the Congo
fathers of the Congo and divide the plunder into two parts
and divide the plunder into two parts
and divide the plunder into two parts between those who took part in the war
between those who took part in the war
between those who took part in the war who went out to battle and all the
who went out to battle and all the
who went out to battle and all the congregation and levy a tribute for the
congregation and levy a tribute for the
congregation and levy a tribute for the Lord on the men of war who went out to
Lord on the men of war who went out to
Lord on the men of war who went out to battle one of every 500 of the persons
battle one of every 500 of the persons
battle one of every 500 of the persons the cattle the donkeys and the Sheep
the cattle the donkeys and the Sheep
the cattle the donkeys and the Sheep take it from their half and give it to
take it from their half and give it to
take it from their half and give it to Eleazar the priest as a heave offering
Eleazar the priest as a heave offering
Eleazar the priest as a heave offering to the Lord and from the children of
to the Lord and from the children of
to the Lord and from the children of Israel are you shall take one of every
Israel are you shall take one of every
Israel are you shall take one of every fifty drawn from the persons the cattle
fifty drawn from the persons the cattle
fifty drawn from the persons the cattle the donkeys and the sheep from all the
the donkeys and the sheep from all the
the donkeys and the sheep from all the livestock and give them to the Levites
livestock and give them to the Levites
livestock and give them to the Levites who keep charge of the tabernacle of the
who keep charge of the tabernacle of the
who keep charge of the tabernacle of the Lord so Moses and Eleazar the priest did
Lord so Moses and Eleazar the priest did
Lord so Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded Moses the booty
as the LORD commanded Moses the booty
as the LORD commanded Moses the booty remaining from the plunder which the men
remaining from the plunder which the men
remaining from the plunder which the men of war had taken was six hundred and
of war had taken was six hundred and
of war had taken was six hundred and seventy five thousand sheep seventy two
seventy five thousand sheep seventy two
seventy five thousand sheep seventy two thousand cattle sixty one thousand
thousand cattle sixty one thousand
thousand cattle sixty one thousand donkeys and thirty two thousand persons
donkeys and thirty two thousand persons
donkeys and thirty two thousand persons in all of women who had not known a man
in all of women who had not known a man
in all of women who had not known a man intimately
intimately
intimately and the half the portion for those who
and the half the portion for those who
and the half the portion for those who had gone out to war was in number 337
had gone out to war was in number 337
had gone out to war was in number 337 thousand five hundred sheep and the
thousand five hundred sheep and the
thousand five hundred sheep and the Lord's tribute of the sheep was six
Lord's tribute of the sheep was six
Lord's tribute of the sheep was six hundred and seventy five the cattle were
hundred and seventy five the cattle were
hundred and seventy five the cattle were thirty six thousand a which the Lord's
thirty six thousand a which the Lord's
thirty six thousand a which the Lord's tribute was seventy two the donkeys were
tribute was seventy two the donkeys were
tribute was seventy two the donkeys were thirty thousand five hundred of which
thirty thousand five hundred of which
thirty thousand five hundred of which the Lord's tribute was sixty one the
the Lord's tribute was sixty one the
the Lord's tribute was sixty one the persons were sixteen thousand of which
persons were sixteen thousand of which
persons were sixteen thousand of which the Lord's tribute was thirty two
the Lord's tribute was thirty two
the Lord's tribute was thirty two persons so Moses gave the tribute which
persons so Moses gave the tribute which
persons so Moses gave the tribute which was the Lord's heave offering to Eleazar
was the Lord's heave offering to Eleazar
was the Lord's heave offering to Eleazar the priest as the LORD commanded Moses
the priest as the LORD commanded Moses
the priest as the LORD commanded Moses and from the children of Israel half
and from the children of Israel half
and from the children of Israel half which Moses separated from the man who
which Moses separated from the man who
which Moses separated from the man who fought now the half belonging to the
fought now the half belonging to the
fought now the half belonging to the congregation was three hundred and
congregation was three hundred and
congregation was three hundred and thirty seven thousand five hundred sheep
thirty seven thousand five hundred sheep
thirty seven thousand five hundred sheep thirty six thousand cattle thirty
thirty six thousand cattle thirty
thirty six thousand cattle thirty thousand five hundred donkeys and
thousand five hundred donkeys and
thousand five hundred donkeys and sixteen thousand persons and from the
sixteen thousand persons and from the
sixteen thousand persons and from the children of Israel's half Moses took one
children of Israel's half Moses took one
children of Israel's half Moses took one of every fifty drawn from man and beast
of every fifty drawn from man and beast
of every fifty drawn from man and beast and gave them to the Levites who kept
and gave them to the Levites who kept
and gave them to the Levites who kept charge of the tabernacle of the Lord as
charge of the tabernacle of the Lord as
charge of the tabernacle of the Lord as the LORD commanded Moses then the
the LORD commanded Moses then the
the LORD commanded Moses then the officers who were over thousands of the
officers who were over thousands of the
officers who were over thousands of the army the captains of thousands and
army the captains of thousands and
army the captains of thousands and captains of hundreds came near to Moses
captains of hundreds came near to Moses
captains of hundreds came near to Moses and they said to Moses your servants
and they said to Moses your servants
and they said to Moses your servants have taken account of the men of war who
have taken account of the men of war who
have taken account of the men of war who are under our command and not a man of
are under our command and not a man of
are under our command and not a man of us is missing
us is missing
us is missing therefore we have brought an offering
therefore we have brought an offering
therefore we have brought an offering for the Lord what every man found of
for the Lord what every man found of
for the Lord what every man found of ornaments of gold armlets and bracelets
ornaments of gold armlets and bracelets
ornaments of gold armlets and bracelets and Signet rings and earrings and
and Signet rings and earrings and
and Signet rings and earrings and necklaces to make atonement for
necklaces to make atonement for
necklaces to make atonement for ourselves
ourselves
ourselves the Lord so Moses and Eleazar the priest
the Lord so Moses and Eleazar the priest
the Lord so Moses and Eleazar the priest received the gold from them all the
received the gold from them all the
received the gold from them all the fashioned ornaments and all the gold of
fashioned ornaments and all the gold of
fashioned ornaments and all the gold of the offering that they offered to the
the offering that they offered to the
the offering that they offered to the Lord and the captains of thousands and
Lord and the captains of thousands and
Lord and the captains of thousands and captains of hundreds was sixteen
captains of hundreds was sixteen
captains of hundreds was sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels
thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels
thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels the men of war had taken spoil every man
the men of war had taken spoil every man
the men of war had taken spoil every man for himself and Moses and Eleazar the
for himself and Moses and Eleazar the
for himself and Moses and Eleazar the priest received the gold from the
priest received the gold from the
priest received the gold from the captains of thousands and of hundreds
captains of thousands and of hundreds
captains of thousands and of hundreds and brought it into the tabernacle of
and brought it into the tabernacle of
and brought it into the tabernacle of meeting as a memorial for the children
meeting as a memorial for the children
meeting as a memorial for the children of Israel before the Lord
of Israel before the Lord
of Israel before the Lord you